In the previous two clips,
we talked about infrastructure security and limiting
what users can do do utilizing IAM.
Now we're going to apply both of those concepts together,
specifically for SageMaker Notebook instances.
And the first thing we need to look at is AWS's recommendation,
and their recommendation for notebook instances is that they are
designed to work best for an individual user.
So they're not recommending that you share your notebook
instances with multiple members of a team.
So one of the ways we can handle this is by utilizing an IAM policy.
So within IAM, there is an action on the SageMaker service
called CreatePresignedNotebookInstanceUrl.
And this is the action that you will need to specify if you want to
limit access to a notebook instance. So here,
you could have a customer‑managed policy in IAM that is specific
for the notebook instance that a user needs to have access to.
This way you can make sure that only a single user can access
that notebook instance.
But there's another piece of notebook instances that we need to note.
So SageMaker Notebooks are internet‑enabled by
default. And if you think about this,
this presents an inherent risk because we generally configure our
notebook instances to have access to our company's data.
And if we're also installing packages and code from other places
on the internet to our notebook instances,
it's always possible that this is going to give somebody with
bad intentions access to our data and the ability to do
something we wouldn't want them to do.
So one of the things we can look at is how we limit our notebook access.
So first, you need to know that internet access can be eliminated by
launching your notebook within a customer‑managed VPC.
And if you don't, if you choose not to do that,
then what will happen is your notebook instance be
launched in a SageMaker‑managed VPC,
which will have internet access. Now if you do launch it within a
customer‑managed VPC, you can limit the notebook instance's access through
security groups and the availability of a NAT gateway.
And if you remember,
we talked previously about how we can choose to launch a VPC utilizing VPC
endpoints and not even need an internet or NAT gateway on that VPC. Now an
instance will still be able to access AWS Services if we have configured those
VPC endpoints, and specifically we talked about setting up VPC endpoints for both Amazon S3 and Amazon SageMaker.